well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about why
the president of the united states
donald j trump appears
to be telling his supporters
to vote twice i'm not covering this late
i'm not talking about north carolina he
did it again
in pennsylvania after his press people
clarified what he was
saying you know because that's what they
do they clarify
what the guy who always tells it like it
is says
that's their entire job and they're very
busy
in pennsylvania he said sign your melon
ballot okay you sign it and send it in
and then you have to follow it
and if on election day or early voting
that is not tabulated and counted
you go vote and if for some reason
after that it shouldn't take that long
they're not going to be able to tabulate
it
because you would have voted
it seems like what he's saying here
is go mail in your ballot and then go to
the polls
and check to see if you voted
and then vote if it's not there yet
and then if it gets tabulated if it
shows up later
or they try to tabulate it later they
won't count it
because you've already voted to be super
clear according to north carolina
this is illegal okay they flat out said
do not do this
but to be honest i don't think this is a
miscommunication
it's not the way it reads to me to me it
seems like
trump's worried he's gonna lose he's
worried he's going to lose
so he's trying to build in an excuse as
to why he lost
he's hoping his most indoctrinated
supporters
will do exactly what he's saying
and vote twice then when their votes get
tossed
he'll be able to say see look the
democrats are trying to steal the
election
they threw away all these votes and of
course they were all going to vote for
me
see it's not me i'm not a failure i
can't be a failure
i'm spoiled and rich there's no way this
is me
being rejected at the polls it's the
democrats trying to steal it
we need to contest the election
not to put to find a point on it but
that's what it looks like to me
it seems he's willing to risk the
freedom
of his biggest supporters
those people who trust him the most
just so he can have an excuse as to why
he loses
so he doesn't have to accept
responsibility for his failures
like his entire presidency
that's what it seems like um
i i don't see a person who has gone out
of his way to paint mail-in voting
as not secure and full of fraud
contrary to all evidence
to then advocate for it and then send
them to the polls anyway
you would just send them to the polls to
begin with
if you want your vote to count you have
to do it in person
this added layer of the melon vote
he's hoping those votes get tossed so he
can claim there was election fraud
so he doesn't have to accept the results
if he loses
trump's afraid he's going to lose that's
why he's making these statements
at least that's how it appears to me
anyway if you are one of his supporters
you and you plan on voting for him
don't do this i feel like that should go
without saying
but don't don't do this you'll probably
get arrested
and he's not going to care he obviously
does not care about you
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day